Hey it's Andre here.
I want to talk quickly about architecting our components in our final project.
If you remember one of the key things that we want to do is to decide on components.
So as we move through the course I want you to always have a mental image of what we're building in
and how things are connected.
Because how things are connected and how we pass down information from component to component because
at the end of the day it's all a tree like structure of the virtual Don.
That's really really important.
So make sure you don't get lost as we move through different components back and forth.
Now here's my tip for you to better understand how things are connected what you want to do.
And I have a version of the Web site here that will actually go into built so there are some things
here that you probably won't have yet.
But what do you want to do is to open up your developer tools and use the react developer tools.
Now in here this is a good way to see how components are connected.
For example if I scroll all the way up and keep in mind that you'll see components here that we haven't
talked about yet.
But the key thing is that we have our app component.
We have our header.
So if we scroll up we see that we're going to build a header component.
If we keep scrolling down we see we have our home page and then if we keep scrolling down we have our
directory which is the items that we have on our home page.
And then within the directories we have what we call the menu items and then menu item component as
you can see is these individual components that we can link to.
And each time we can see what prompts we receive from higher above like directory for example and so
on and so forth so you want to use the reactive helper tools to understand how things are connected
if within your code you start getting confused.
Keep in mind the reason that we organize our folders the way they are is so that it's easy for us to
look at our app and understand how things are working.
For example right now we know that we have pages and at the moment we only have one page which is the
homepage.
But eventually we'll build the shop page as well.
If we go back and look at the our components we have some components here that we haven't built yet
but we have the directory which is our home page and then the menu items that we saw.
We're also going to start building our collection preview and collection items.
And those ones are going to be what we call these things.
These again if I inspect them and open up react you'll see that this is a collection item so these are
our collections and these are the items.
If I scroll up I see that this entire thing gets surrounded in the collection component.
So again I can go back to the folder and understand that.
OK.
This is the collection item and the collection preview is probably what we're building to display the
collection items that groups the collection items.
So start looking at the folder structures and understand how things are connected because eventually
by the end of this course we're gonna have a lot of things.
If we look at the components folder yep we have a lot of components and it's easy to get lost in all
this component connections but again that's why reactive all power tool exists and it's also what makes
a great developer you need to make sure that as we move along that these component structures make sense
to you and you notice the small things that EU does to keep things very simple and small in each component
and keeping each one specific to its concern doing one thing really really well.
Let's move on.